Hi everyone.
So let's see about how you can change the index column of your data frame object so let's use the same
old dog data not seems to be fine.
And let me just executed now if you just display the past few records.
Let's save a street course.
So we have a indexing I'd like a z 0 1 2.
Now let's say if you want to make indexing like a country as index so there are two ways you can go
with that.
So one is after reading this data every object you can use this set and the scoring next method that
we'll see later and another ways while reading this particular file at that moment of need you can pass
one more argument.
So let's say it's the index column so we're already seeing this thing in a dark lock and I locked metal
that I I'll made one particular column of these drinks.
That seems to be fine.
The country as a column.
OK so let's pass this country and let me just execute it again.
Now you can see this United States is the country.
So I would say this first column which is in a boy later that is the index column for my data frame
object so I can access every single flows of information with this particular label these indexing.
OK.
Now after reading again you think that I want to make some other column as the index.
So in that case you can use like a certain discount index matter.
So set the score index say we want to make age as a next so you can just posit like age and let me just
execute it.
Now you can see the first column which is not in my next column will become 8.
Now it feels like it's the additional base indexing.
But this is not a pedestal based indexing you can get a repeated value as a plus.
This is the actual age value we are using to reference the individual rows of information.
Now let's say you want to make multiple columns up your index so you can use the same function indexes
sadness index.
Now instead of passing just the one value we can pass them multiple ways.
So I can display a simple list.
So let's say no will make one of the two column.
So let's say six and a salary.
So I'm just going to do six and I know that argument like a self.
OK.
Let's see what it would.
Now you can see this mighty column index is nothing more than might be index kind of passive.
So when we learn about how identical indexing might be indexing so I dedicated one particular full section
on might delay well indexing that every single row you can access with two different values.
So they'll just grouped it like a mean less than 50 killed all of the earning female with less than
50 get all the meals again graded in triplicate.
So now the first two columns like indexing column so that two values will be used to describe the individual
rows of information to uniquely identify.
So some days not just one column will be helpful to uniquely identify individual records.
So in that case you can make it's like a foreign key concept I would say in a relational database system.
That good column will be used to uniquely identify one individual.
Now in this our case just populist vision purpose I would just randomly pick and the sex and salary.
But here it's nothing like a unique but still it's a two column which is referencing to individual rows
of information.
OK.
So that is how you can make individual column as your index or a number of different column as index
you can make to more than to column as well as your index column in your data frame object and in a
way the index and hierarchical index section will see much more detailed and how this might index and
higher index works.